
Usage of THIQAH-KAFU Platform and or creating an account with it constitute an acceptance by users of the following terms and conditions (T&Cs).
	1.	Definitions: 
The following expressions shall have the meanings ascribed next to them unless the normal context of the text suggests otherwise:

	1.	THIQAH Co.: THIQAH Business Services LLC. (C/R. No. 1010332510), and or any affiliate thereof or a company that is partially or totally owned thereby. 
	2.	MOTIVAY: A smart platform that offers interactive solutions in which it helps increase employee engagement and provide an attractive and stimulating work environment to endorse achievement and creativity. Motivay platform consists of a mobile application on Android and iOS and the main web admin panel. 
	3.	Platform: The THIQAH Co. customized version of the KAFU Platform offering employees peer-to-peer interactive tool developed by MOTIVAY with Trademark ownership, is hosted at, and accessible from the THIQAH Co. Intranet (portal). 
	4.	Trademark: MOTIVAY ownership for KAFU platform.  
	5.	User: THIQAH Co. employee entitled to the use of the Platform or the person owning an account opened with the Platform.  
	6.	Account: the personal account of the User opened with the Platform. 
	7.	Allowed Use: the fair uses for which THIQAH Co. has put the Platform in function.  
	8.	Materials: data and documents of all types provided or otherwise uploaded by the User over the Platform, which includes all types of written and audio-visual expressions (such as pictures, animations, videos and flash pictures). 
	9.	Policies: Any policy or additional terms issued by THIQAH Co. from time to time having the aim of defining and regulating any of the following:  
	1.	the manner of dealing with any of the technical or procedural aspects of the Platform. 
	2.	terms, limitations and restrictions applicable over any particular type of Allowed Uses.  
	3.	any other matter or aspects connected with the Platform, Platform usage or the User.  
as may be altered or restated from time to time by THIQAH Co.
	2.	The Use of the Platform, and the Requirements of the Eligible User 

	1.	The main purpose of the Platform is to create an interactive space dedicated for usage by all levels of THIQAH Co. employees (executives – non-executives) with the aim of facilitating interactions, discussions and exchange of views over any of the matters related to the work done by them, the environment of the work place, or the staff, and detecting prevailing views. Likewise, the goal includes the creation of a mechanism for valuating activities over the Platform, and rewarding the same by way of granting points that are exchangeable in return for benefits and privileges decided by the Policies adopted by THIQAH Co.  
	2.	To be eligible to use the Platform, the User should: 

	1.	be a permanent employee of THIQAH Co. who is not under any probation. 
	2.	not have been disqualified by THIQAH Co. management from usage of the Platform. 
	3.	meet the requirements set forth in the relevant applicable Policies.  
Any usage should be immediately ceased upon losing any of the eligibility requirements set forth above. 
 
	3.	All the uses of the Platform should be Allowed Uses with the following terms: 

	1.	personal for the Users. 
	2.	in accordance with these T&Cs and the Policies.  
	3.	coherent with the purposes for which the Platform has been put in action.  

and, for the avoidance of doubt, none of the following uses are considered an Allowed Use:

	4.	copying or duplicating the Platform or any of its programs or applications, reverse engineering the same or extracting the source code of any of the foregoing in any sense whether totally or partially.  
	5.	spreading out any viruses or malwares over or into the Platform or through it whether intentionally or negligently.   
	6.	accessing to or extracting data from other Accounts, or attempting to do so.   

	7.	hyperlinking the Platform or any of its functions or offering any of the foregoing in any manner other than through the official gates or access points decided by THIQAH Co. (including via framing techniques)  
	8.	breaching any of the duties or obligations that the User owes to THIQAH Co. or any of the obligations or duties it owes to its colleagues. 
	9.	breaching any of the mandatory laws or contractual rules (e.g. – breaching privacy or committing a scandalous act or collecting data about others).   
	10.	any act that is likely to negatively impact any of THIQAH Co. interests –such as and not limited to- (disclosure of business secrets) 
	11.	disobedience to any moral or custom-oriented followed rule. 


	4.	Every employee having the desire to use the Platform should establish an Account with the Platform. Establishment of the Account and usage of the same are subject to the following rules:  
	1.	The User should provide all the required information, fully, diligently and up to date. 
	2.	The User should adhere to the rules and limitations on the Platform usage adopted by THIQAH Co., including the rules concerning the hours during which the Platform may be used and the points (channels) that may be used to access to the Platform. 
	3.	The Platform may not be used for submittal of any work-related issues (transactions) such as absence notifications or for doing any job-related action or employment-oriented decisions (such as promotions, granting of an approval, etc.). 
	5.	THIQAH Co. may issue and amend from time to time Policies related to any of the aspects of the usage of the Platform, including usage related limitations, such as –and not limited to- the rules having to do with: 

	1.	determination of the Platform access points and Platform usage times. 


	2.	Setting and imposing criteria on number of posts and nature of subjects that are allowed to be dealt with over the Platform. 

	3.	the rules on the point calculation, point weighting, point redemption, and retaining of earned points. 


	4.	benefits and returns available against the redemption (rewarding). 

however, collection of points, seeking of benefits and redemption are all options that are only entitled to existing employees, and all the Platform earned points may not be considered part of the acquired employment rights of the User. Additionally, earned points may not be considered when the end of service entitlements of any employee User are computed, and redemption of benefits/enlistments may not be done in cash.  
	3.	THIQAH Co. Powers over the Platform and Usage  
	1.	THIQAH Co. has decisive powers over the Platform and all its functions. THIQAH Co. may at its sole option limit the forms of uses of the Platform, freeze the same for a certain period of time, replace the same with any other application, and or lockdown (shutdown) the same entirely, whether for a specific Account (or group of Accounts) or for the entire Platform.  Likewise, THIQAH Co. may delete content of any posts, files, attachments or Materials published over the Platform.  
	2.	Getting access to, and receiving benefits entitled from, the Platform is not in any sense an acquired contractual or employment right of the employees, as they are considered extra grants and facilities provided by THIQAH Co. apart from the employment relation for the period of time decided by it. Similarly, the fact that a User is entitled to access and use the Platform does not merely indicate that an employee-employer relation between the employee and THIQAH Co. exists at the time of the use or that the User has successfully completed the probation period. 
	3.	In addition to any power granted herein to THIQAH Co. over the Platform, THIQAH Co. is entitled to conduct any of the following acts without showing reasons: 
	1.	viewing the Users’ personal profiles, Materials published by Users, Account information; and accessing all the information thereat and storing the same. 
	2.	sending direct messages to any User or group of Users. 
	3.	generating various number of reports depending on the Users gathered information.  
	4.	determining the types of Materials allowed to be published on the Platform. 
	4.	Privacy, and the Duty to Maintain Confidentiality  
	1.	Users should be aware of the fact that their posts and contributions on the Platform are viewable, extractable and storable by all other Users and grantees of a right of access to the Platform. Therefore, posts/contributions made by Users will be considered as: 
	1.	accompanied with the User’s authorization on their viewing, extracting, storing and categorizing by any other Users. 
	2.	accompanied with the User’s assurance that posts and content thereof do not infringe on any third party’s IP or personal rights, and with the assurance that publishing the same on the Platform is not considered a criminalized or tortious act.  
	2.	Notwithstanding to Clause 4.1, no User may be entitled to copy, duplicate, share, store or keep in any readable format any posts, comments or Materials advertised or made available on the Platform by any other User, for any reason, even when so approved by the management of THIQAH Co. or the respective User. Likewise, all parts and contents of the Platform, including the program codes, and THIQAH Co. affairs in general, should be kept confidential and under strict duty of secrecy by all Users.  
	5.	Intellectual Property Rights  
	1.	All the Users acknowledge the THIQAH Co. license rights over the core platform constituting the MOTIVAY Platform (system), and also the exclusive proprietary rights of THIQAH Co. over all the customization and adaptation works done for generating the THIQAH Co. customized version of MOTIVAY Platform and for hosting the same over the Intranet / portal of THIQAH Co. [hereinafter referred to as ‘Reserved Assets’].  
	2.	Users make the following promises and undertakings: 
	1.	Not to infringe on or violate any of the IP rights vested in any of the Reserved Assets pursuant to laws of any jurisdiction or rules of any international treaties (including for IP’s acquired through submittal of registration applications or confirmation of rights). 
	2.	Not to claim any right (e.g. – commercial, IP oriented or otherwise) regarding or over any of the Reserved Assets. 
	3.	Not to induce or assist any third party into doing any of the acts set forth in items 5.2.1 and 5.2.2. 
	6.	Miscellaneous Provisions  
	1.	The THIQAH Co.-User’s relation under these T&Cs, including disputes having to do with the usage of the Platform, any of the duties or restrictions under these T&Cs and or any transaction contemplated thereunder, will be exclusively governed by the Saudi laws and regulations and exclusively fall within the general jurisdiction of the Saudi courts.  
	2.	The above preamble and Policies are considered part and parcel hereof. In case of any inconsistency or disagreement, the relevant Policy term will take precedence over these T&Cs.  
	3.	Writings served via email, the communication tool offered by the Platform, or via the Account are considered legally and functionally equivalent to the traditional written documents issued under the hand and signature of THIQAH Co. or the User or any of their respective authorized agents.  
	4.	A waiver of any right/interest by THIQAH Co. will only be effective when expressed in writing, be explicit, and is properly addressed to the intended User by the authorized person.  
	5.	THIQAH Co. may amend any of these T&Cs, which amendments shall come into effect the day following the day on which they are published through the normally followed publication method.  
	6.	The authentic Arabic version of these T&Cs shall prevail over its English translation version. 
